Add documentation for output tensor format (#23057)
ultralytics/ultralytics: docs/en/modes/export.md

- **`int8:`** Enables INT8 quantization, highly beneficial for [edge AI](https://www.ultralytics.com/blog/deploying-computer-vision-applications-on-edge-ai-devices) deployments.

For deployment on specific hardware platforms, consider using specialized export formats like [TensorRT](../integrations/tensorrt.md) for NVIDIA GPUs, [CoreML](../integrations/coreml.md) for Apple devices, or [Edge TPU](../integrations/edge-tpu.md) for Google Coral devices.

### What do the output tensors represent in exported YOLO models?

When you export a YOLO model to formats like ONNX or TensorRT, the output tensor structure depends on the model task. Understanding these outputs is important for custom inference implementations.

For **detection models** (e.g., `yolo11n.pt`), the output is a single tensor with shape `(batch_size, 84, 8400)` where 84 represents 4 bounding box coordinates plus 80 class scores (for COCO), and 8400 is the number of detection anchors.

> For **segmentation models** (e.g., `yolo11n-seg.pt`), you'll get two outputs: the first tensor `(batch_size, 116, 8400)` contains bounding boxes, class scores, and 32 mask coefficients, while the second tensor `(batch_size, 32, 160, 160)` contains the mask prototypes that combine with the coefficients to generate instance masks.

Reviewer: ⚠️ **HIGH**: Same issue as detection: `116`, `8400`, and the prototype resolution (`160x160`) are not universal. `116` depends on `num_classes` and `mask_dim`, and prototype spatial dims vary with the model/export input size. Recommend documenting this as `(batch_size, 4 + num_classes + mask_dim, num_predictions)` plus `(batch_size, mask_dim, proto_h, proto_w)` and calling out that `mask_dim` is commonly 32 but not guaranteed.

**Suggested change:**
```suggestion
For **segmentation models** (e.g., `yolo11n-seg.pt`), you'll typically get two outputs: the first tensor shaped like `(batch_size, 4 + num_classes + mask_dim, num_predictions)` (boxes, class scores, and mask coefficients), and the second tensor shaped like `(batch_size, mask_dim, proto_h, proto_w)` containing mask prototypes used with the coefficients to generate instance masks. Sizes depend on the export input resolution (and can be dynamic).
```

> For **pose models** (e.g., `yolo11n-pose.pt`), the output tensor has shape `(batch_size, 56, 8400)` where 56 includes bounding boxes, class scores, and keypoint coordinates for body pose estimation.

Reviewer: ⚠️ **HIGH**: `56` is a model-specific constant and can be incorrect depending on keypoint count/format (e.g., `nkpt`, whether confidence is included, and `num_classes`). Similar to above, this should be expressed generically as `(batch_size, 4 + num_classes + keypoint_dims, num_predictions)` (or equivalent) with `keypoint_dims` derived from the pose spec.

**Suggested change:**
```suggestion
For **pose models** (e.g., `yolo11n-pose.pt`), the output tensor is typically shaped like `(batch_size, 4 + num_classes + keypoint_dims, num_predictions)`, where `keypoint_dims` depends on the pose specification (e.g., number of keypoints and whether confidence is included), and `num_predictions` depends on the export input resolution (and can be dynamic).
```
